...so Harry throws it
in gear, floors the gas
and backs us right through
a burrito stand.
So when are you going
to teach me how to drive?
You sure
you're ready?
I've piloted starships.
I think I can
handle a car.
Ah, you'd be surprised.
The clutch on a '69 Mustang
can be pretty tricky.
Take a look.
She's watching
us again.
She's working. Relax.
Dessert?
What is it?
Some cheese I prepared
for our Kadi guest.
Tell me what you think.
It's a little bland.
Oh, that's bad.
Just a little?
The Kadi don't approve
of spices...
anything that might
inflame the senses.
You're talking this mission
very seriously.
The Kadi are easily offended.
The Captain's leaving
their representative
while she's at the colony.
entirely in my hands
I'm sure you're up
to it, Ambassador.
I hope so.
She's watching
us again.
You're imagining things.
I don't think so.
B'Elanna.
Enjoying the view?
Explain.
You've been staring
at us all night.
you were following us yesterday
In fact,
when we were walking
to Engineering,
and the day before,
when I was waiting for Tom
outside the Shuttle Bay.
You are correct.
I have been observing you
as part of my research
mating behavior.
on human
"Stardate 52647,
1400 hours.
"Subjects quarrel
in corridor
"outside female's quarters.
flowering plant stems--
"Male returns with 12
"species Rosa rubifolia--
"effecting a cessation
of hostilities.
"Stardate 52648
Intimate relations resume..."
0300 hours.
How the hell do you know when
we're having intimate relations?
There is no one on
Deck 9, Section 12
who doesn't know when you're
having intimate relations.
Is there a problem?
I want all the data
you've collected.
I haven't completed the study.
Then study this.
Borg provokes Klingon.
Klingon breaks Borg nose.
Call Sick Bay.
B'Elanna...
Tell them there's about
to be a medical emergency.
B'Elanna, let's go
have a nightcap.
This time, you've
crossed the line.
I've read B'Elanna's report.
Needless to say,
I was surprised.
I was careful not
to violate protocols.
That's not the point.
not a nature preserve.
This is a starship,
Oh, I'm missing a pip.
my knowledge of human behavior.
You asked me to broaden
I'm not questioning your goals,
Seven... Oh. It's your methods.
You shouldn't be taking
field notes on the crew.
Help me with this,
will you, please?
Have you ever considered
trying it yourself?
Romance, I mean.
I do not require
a romantic relationship.
So why did you collect
30,000 gigaquads
of data on the subject?
I'm late.
I missed this on my first pass
through their database.
Kadi monks only wash
with purified water,
so sonic showers
are out.
equipped his quarters
I've already
with an ablutionary fountain
built to their
specifications.
They observe eight
daily services.
Noted.
our best side, Neelix.
Show the ambassador
I don't want him going
back to his superiors
with tales of how
immoral we are.
TUVOK:
Energize.
The ritual greeting.
Travelers who have left
the sanctity
of their home and family,
we welcome you into our home...
our family.
Accept these symbols
of our purity
Mother's blessing.
and the Goddess
the senior officer
Commander Tuvok,
who will accompany me,
familiarize your ambassador
and Mr. Neelix, who will
Tomin is an excellent
with Voyager.
judge of character.
whether your crew is worthy
He'll help us determine
of receiving our minerals.
He's in very good hands.
to welcome you to our home.
It is time
This way, Ambassador.
Voyager's an Intrepid-class
starship
with a crew of 146,
designed for long-term
exploration.
I thought we'd start with
a tour of our primary systems.
First stop, Engineering.
I was hoping I might sample
a food item I noted earlier
in your data files.
"Hasperat"?
It's a Bajoran dish.
Very spicy.
I believe that your dietary
protocols prohibit
flavorful foods.
my palate while I'm here
I want to broaden
of better understanding.
in the interests
first stop, Mess Hall.
In that case,
Your cortical implants
are operating
at peak efficiency.
Nanoprobe levels
stable. Complaints?
None.
I heard about
the Mess Hall incident.
This crew can be
very efficient
at disseminating
information
when they choose to be.
They say gossip travels
faster than warp speed.
So why were you studying
Tom and B'Elanna?
Scientific curiosity.
Are you sure?
Perhaps there's a reason
occurred to you.
that hasn't
You're a woman, Seven.
Is that an observation
or a diagnosis?
biological fact...
A simple
that are hard to deny.
with repercussions
What is your
proposed treatment?
should consider
Perhaps you
expanding your research
to the realm of dating.
"Dating."
You mean procreation.
One step at a time.
Dating is a human ritual
wherein two people share
a social activity,
get to know each other.
In time, it can lead
to a romantic involvement
and eventually,
if all goes well, even marriage.
One step at a time.
This could be an important stage
in your social development.
It's worth exploring.
The Captain would
seem to agree.
How shall I proceed?
You mean, we.
I'll prepare a lesson plan.
Meet me on Holodeck 2
in one hour.
a little younger than you,
Most women start dating
but better late than never.
an introduction.
I've prepared
"Love Amid the Stars."
I call it
The Milky Way.
Home to thousands
of humanoid species
and countless
courtship rituals.
Klingon males
by biting the female.
initiate courtship
getting to know one another.
Here we see two Bolians
The courtship rituals
of some species
remain shrouded in mystery.
For example, Species 8472
appears to have as many
as five sexes.
keep their distance.
Bystanders better
( chuckles )
Of course, the species
to interact with is human,
you're most likely
Lesson One, "First Contact."
so without further ado,
There are any
number of ways
prospective mates.
humans can meet
the "chance encounter."
Here we see
the "formal introduction."
Equally common is
When first contact
is successful,
romance quickly ensues
and, in the happiest
of circumstances,
procreation.
Here we see how
fortress ovum
is besieged by countless
little warriors.
I am familiar
Doctor,
with the physiological processes
of sexuality.
Well...
then let's skip ahead
to the first
of the practical exercises.
Lesson Two.
"Encounter in a Public Place."
Computer,
initiate holo-program
Paris 3.
Our location?
Chez Sandrine.
It's on Earth in a city
called Marseilles.
Ensign Paris whiled
away a good portion
of his Academy
years here.
of his scholastic performance.
No doubt to the detriment
Now, pull up a bar stool
and pretend you've
come here to meet
the man of your dreams.
"Hi, there."
"Hello."
"Come here often?"
"This is my first time."
"You must be new in town.
How do you like
the south of France?"
"It is very quaint,
always pictured it."
exactly as I've
"May I buy you a drink?"
I don't require a liquid
supplement at this time.
You're not giving this
a fair chance.
This exercise
is pointless.
It may seem pointless,
but small talk is
a vital dating skill.
It helps to establish
a rapport with your companion.
something to be said
Perhaps there's
for assimilation
after all.
All right. Why don't you
try your own approach on...
that gentleman over there.
Go ahead.
Very well.
Hello.
you a drink?
May I buy
Uh... sure.
Steven Price.
And... and you are?
Tertiary Adjunct of...
Seven of Nine,
You may call me Seven.
Seven... that's-that's
an unusual name.
Uh, please, have a seat.
is under new management.
Looks like Sandrine's
my pool table?
Who deleted
Shh. School is in session.
More social lessons?
Watch. You might
learn something.
Curious jewelry.
It's a Borg implant. I was a
drone.
Oh, so then it's
a family heirloom.
( laughing )
Borg do not have families. They
have unimatrices.
Well, in that case,
why don't you tell me
about your... unimatrix.
They're hitting it off,
don't you think?
He's a hologram.
Your point?
Well, you programmed him
to interact with Seven.
respond the same way.
Real people don't
she'll be dating real people
Under my guidance,
in no time.
Seven how to date?
You're teaching
( laughing )
Talk about the blind
leading the blind.
of romantic encounters.
I've had my share
Hmm.
that Seven couldn't get a date?
Are you implying
What, are you kidding?
Half the men on this ship
would jump at the chance.
But getting a date
is one thing.
into a disaster is another.
Keeping it from turning
I have every confidence
in her social skills.
Well, fine. Let's say you get
her a date.
This is the holodeck.
The cards are stacked
in her favor.
But if you want to really
put her to the test,
you have to do it
in the real world,
where anything
can happen.
Mr. Neelix is hosting
a reception
for the Kadi Ambassador
on Thursday night.
Not only will Seven arrive
with a date,
out of the palm of her hand.
she will have him eating
where your mouth is.
Put your latinum
If Seven brings a date
to the reception
and leaves with the same date
on good terms
a diplomatic incident,
without causing
in Sick Bay for the next month.
I will work double shifts
And if she fails?
I get a month off.
It's a bet.
Where are you going?
Our small talk is terminated.
I have mastered
this exercise.
We can proceed
to the next.
If I were you,
I'd start looking for somebody
to fill in for me.
One Katarian pudding.
Mm-hmm.
Ah.
Mmm!
Ah, the texture
is so frothy.
It seems to be evaporating
in my mouth.
The recipe includes
a catalytic agent
designed to do
just that.
Mmm.
If we don't hurry,
we'll miss Lieutenant Torres.
She's been waiting
half an hour.
You're right.
Your warp core.
Engineering.
I must see that.
In our society,
males and females
work separately.
But I can see the wisdom
of your approach.
Promotes a more stimulating
environment.
It's time for third prayer.
( beeping )
Yes, it is.
But I think I can forego
this service
the appropriate penance later.
and perform
It's more important
that I continue exploring
your culture.
Perhaps another dessert.
Good morning.
It's time
for Lesson Three.
"Getting to Know You."
Elaborate.
The key to finding
a compatible partner
is learning how to share
your interests and goals.
We'll start with hobbies.
What do you do
with your spare time?
Uh-huh.
Regenerate.
Tell me about your tastes,
your likes and dislikes.
I dislike irrelevant
conversations.
Okay. Which brings
us to "goals."
What do you want
out of life?
Perfection.
Perfection is a laudable
goal for oneself,
but you can't expect
it from others.
I learned that
lesson myself
first activated.
when I was
One of the ways
I adapted was to pursue
could identify with.
interests people
for example. Opera.
Holo-photography,
Music does have intriguing
mathematical properties.
Excellent.
curiosity into an interest.
Perhaps we can mold this
Something you can
share with others.
Let's see how much you know.
A basic musical phrase
Here we see--
in the major mode.
I've done a preliminary study
of the topic.
Sing it for me.
( tone sounds )
♪ La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la. ♪
Seven, has anyone
ever told you
you have a beautiful voice? It's
a true gift.
The gift is
from the collective.
A vocal subprocessor
designed to facilitate
the sonic interface
with Borg transponders.
a little more challenging.
Let's try something
"You Are My Sunshine."
from Earth's 20th century.
It's a simple melody
for beginners.
A good piece
Sing.
( tone sounds )
♪ The other night, dear,
As I lay sleeping ♪
♪ I dreamed I held you
In my arms ♪
That was... flawless,
but try putting a little
more emotion into it.
Like this.
( tone sounds )
♪ When I awoke, dear,
I was mistaken ♪
♪ And I hung my head
And cried ♪
add instrumental accompaniment.
See? Computer,
( piano playing )
On to the chorus.
Together now.
♪ You are my sunshine
My only sunshine ♪
When skies are gray ♪
♪ You make me happy
♪ You'll never know, dear
How much I love you ♪
♪ Please don't take
My sunshine away ♪
♪ You are my sunshine
My only sunshine ♪
( harmonizing ):
When skies are gray ♪
♪ You make me happy
♪ You'll never know, dear ♪
♪ How much I love you ♪
♪ Please don't take
My sunshine away ♪
Seven, I need the data
from those last two
astrometric scans.
In a moment.
That looks like
the crew manifest.
The Doctor asked
me to pick
For what?
a suitable candidate.
Lesson Ten. "The First Date."
Your first date?
I've narrowed the list
to two crewmen
based on work performance
and compatible interests.
I didn't know you had
any interests.
Neither did I,
but, apparently, they include
astronomy, quantum mechanics
and music.
I play the clarinet,
you know.
the candidates, Ensign.
You are not one of
Oh.
Well, maybe I can help
you pick Mr. Right.
assigned to the Airponics Bay.
Ensign Bronowsky,
His work record is flawless
and he plays the accordion.
Badly, very badly.
He's got no sense of humor.
Structural Engineering.
Lieutenant Chapman,
Chapman's a nice guy.
We worked together
on an away mission.
He seemed efficient.
Robertson, if that's you,
( door opens )
SEVEN: It is not.
I need an isolinear spanner.
Ooh.
I apologize, Lieutenant.
I didn't mean to startle you.
No, my fault.
You need something?
Your presence is required...
...er, rather, it is
requested tonight.
1900 hours, Holodeck 2.
Another Engineering simulation?
Dinner.
"Dinner"?
of nutritional biomatter.
The consumption
No, I know what dinner is.
I just...
Are you asking me to join you?
Yes.
State your response.
Okay.
Yes.
Please be punctual.
I will. Thanks.
A dropped tool can be
a workplace hazard.
Be more careful
next time.
Seven, please state
the nature
of the medical
emergency.
I have a date.
"You Are My Sunshine" )
( humming
Sorry I'm late.
It's quite all right.
In fact, why don't you
take the day off...
Those double shifts
relax?
are going to take
a lot out of you.
Oh?
Seven of Nine has
a date tonight.
as I'm sure it will,
If all goes well,
to the reception tomorrow.
he'll accompany her
Who'd she pick?
Lieutenant William Chapman.
Ha! Chapman! Good luck.
supposed to mean?
What's that
He's renowned
for being nervous around women.
Are you kidding?
So?
Seven's dominant personality
will have him running
for the airlock before dessert.
Seven may seem
intimidating,
to the way people treat her.
but that's only a reaction
In fact, she's...
charming young woman.
an efficient and
Efficient,
I'll give you that.
But charming?
take the time to look
Most people don't
beyond her exterior.
a lovely singing voice?
Did you know she has
Uh, no, I didn't,
but then again,
I've never asked her
to sing for me.
What are you implying?
Well, it sounds like
you're getting
with your star pupil.
a little infatuated
( scoffing laugh )
"Infatuated"? That's absurd.
Whatever you say, maestro.
It was part of the lesson plan!
You're meeting with him
in ten minutes, Seven.
Why aren't you ready?
I am.
Aren't we forgetting
something?
"Dress for Success."
Lesson Eight.
My appearance is sufficient.
Sufficient, yes,
little more... panache.
but you could use a
Let's start by doing something
different with your hair.
first-hand experience
I don't have much
with this, but, uh...
Try...
shaking your head
a little bit.
Is this more appropriate?
Yes.
When I first designed your
dermaplastic garment,
at some casual attire.
I also tried my hand
You might want
to replicate one of these.
How shall I choose?
I think you'd look
very nice in...
this one.
I am uncertain how to
wear such a garment.
Assist me.
Oh, I-I-I'm sure
you'll manage.
I'll go prepare
the holodeck.
Remember, the idea is
to have fun tonight.
I'll expect a full report
in the morning.
( romantic piano music playing )
You-you look beautiful.
Thank you. You look...
beautiful as well.
Thank you.
( chuckles )
Uh, would you like to sit down?
designated location?
Where is our
Best table in the house.
I wasn't sure
you'd actually show up.
Well, to be honest,
I requested your presence.
I thought one of my friends
put you up to it.
( clears throat )
( sighs )
Um... champagne?
Synthehol impairs
my cortical function.
Water will suffice.
Mind if I...
Proceed.
I must admit I'm a little
nervous.
Elaborate.
Oh, um...
let's just say it's
been a long time
since I've been
out on a date.
I've never been
on a date.
As a result, I am experiencing
anxiety as well.
we've got something in common.
Well, I guess that means
( chuckling )
( sighs )
Uh...
Garçon?
( chuckles )
Server, report
to this station.
We require
your assistance.
( resumes playing )
Problem?
This creature has
an exoskeleton.
It's a lobster.
They're a delicacy
on Earth.
Try it.
( music resumes )
I will replicate you
a new garment.
I'm fine, fine.
It's just a little bit of...
exoskeleton.
( chuckling )
Maybe we should
order dessert.
You wish to accelerate
our social encounter?
No, no. I didn't say that. I'm
just, uh...
I'm having a very...
interesting evening.
( sighs )
W-would you like to dance?
covered in Lesson 35.
That activity is
reached it yet.
I haven't
( sighs )
Well, I'm not much of
a dancer myself...
but it might be fun.
As you wish.
( sighs )
Oh...
Relax.
Try to relax.
You seem a little tense.
my chronographic sequencer.
Relaxation would disrupt
It allows me to maintain
synchronous movement
That's handy...
with the music.
but maybe you could ignore
your chronographic sequencer
and, uh, let me lead.
That's better.
Oh!
( snap )
( music stops )
( strained ): No...
You are damaged.
I'll be all right.
You've torn a ligament.
I'm afraid you'll have
to report to Sick Bay.
Mr. Paris will treat you.
No need to mention
how this happened.
( groans )
I had a great time, Seven.
Let's do this again...
s-someday.
I have failed.
Nonsense.
Even Romeo and Juliet
hit a few snags at first.
Besides, Lieutenant Chapman's
not the only lobster in the sea.
I wish to terminate our social
lessons.
Just because you didn't
achieve perfection
your first time out doesn't mean
you should give up.
Dating is a poor means
of interaction.
There is
far more efficiency
in the way
you and I communicate.
We say what we mean
simply and directly.
have a rapport,
You and I do
but we're colleagues.
pursuing romance.
We're not
No.
I'm certain you'll be able
to master these basic
skills in short order.
My first date was
certainly short.
Was that a joke?
Lesson Six.
"Beguiling Banter."
Now you're getting
the hang of it.
Perhaps this evening doesn't
have to end so abruptly.
This may be a good time
to cover Lesson 35.
"Shall We Dance?"
play "Someone To Watch Over Me"
Computer,
instrumental only.
( piano intro playing )
some simple steps.
We'll begin with
Place your left hand
on my shoulder
hand in my left.
and your right
Now... follow me...
one step at a time.
Don't worry. I don't have
any ligaments to tear.
( laughing )
Another drink!
Neelix!
Ambassador!
( drunkenly ):
my... host...
My friend,
my... savior.
Neelix, I want you
to meet, uh...
Alandra...
( laughs heartily )
and Tria.
What are you doing?
I'm sampling yet another entrée
that you have opened up for me.
on the menu of pleasure
I checked today's menu,
and they're not on it.
Coffee, black.
Neelix, I decided
to go exploring
and I found your holodecks...
and I discovered
this little gem
in the memory buffer.
still simmering
Right now, we've got to get you
We can explore it later.
to your reception.
Mmm... pungent taste.
What is it?
Coffee
and there's plenty more
where we're going.
No coffee on
our colony.
Nothing to tempt
the appetite
weak-willed novitiate.
of even the most
Neelix, a confession.
leaving the colony,
I am thinking of
joining Voyager.
I want to throw
off my vows
your wonderful culture.
and immerse myself in
That's just
the synthehol talking.
clear-headed about anything.
No, I've never been more
And I have you to thank.
That's right...
there we go...
It's all you...
Hard at work?
Our lessons
have disrupted my duties.
Then I suppose
you're too busy
Ambassador's reception.
to attend the
My presence
is not required.
an opportunity for you
True, but it might be
to apply your newfound
social skills.
Lesson 11.
"Life of the Party."
Exactly. Join me?
Are you asking me
on a date?
I suppose I am.
Then I accept.
Is my appearance sufficient?
You look perfect.
( Tomin laughing )
PARIS:
How do you bend
a hologram's ear?
Use a prism.
What did the counselor
say to the hologram?
"You're projecting."
it's a revelation.
This humor...
Very good.
Ambassador?
Uh... are-are you sure
you wouldn't prefer
some more coffee, Ambassador?
I'll have that too.
Coffee. Mmm, yes.
Go.
is it my imagination
Neelix...
or is our guest
of honor drunk?
Commander, I tried.
I had an itinerary.
I even set up a prayer dais
in his quarters,
but I just
couldn't control him.
The Captain is due
back in the morning
with the Kadi Minister.
What do I do?
Pray.
Well, well, well. What do we
have here?
Mr. Paris, I believe you know
Seven of Nine,
my date for the evening.
Oh, you don't say?
ended up in Sick Bay.
Well, your last date
goes a little smoother.
I hope this one
There's no need
to be insulting.
It's all right, Doctor.
I believe he is merely
engaging in small talk.
May I get either
of you gentlemen a drink?
tonic with a twist.
Ah, yes, gin and
I don't have the stomach for it.
You know I don't drink.
A well-crafted joke,
Doctor.
Impressive. You've actually
taught her to be polite.
you've won our bet.
But don't think
She was supposed to
bring a real date.
Photons and force fields,
flesh and blood...
why quibble over details?
I'm just as real
as any of you.
Where is that funny man?
TOMIN ( hollering ):
why don't we sit down?
Mr. Tomin, please,
Ah, there he is--
There he is.
Ensign Paris, tell us
another one of those
hologram jokes.
You've been stealing
my material?
That guy's so lubricated
he'll laugh at anything.
There he is.
The Ambassador of Humor.
I could use a little help here.
Seven, perhaps now
would be a good time
to review Lesson 23.
"Toast of the Town."
Very well.
( tapping on glass )
I require your attention.
Ladies and gentlemen,
May cultural differences
encourage us
of understanding.
to build bridges
To all that makes us unique.
Who is that
extraordinary female?
I want to meet her.
Seven of Nine.
Take a number.
That was lovely.
Thank you.
I've got to admit it.
You've done wonders.
All right, you win.
I know when I'm licked.
"Win"?
You tell me when you want me
to start those double shifts.
regarding me? Clarify.
You made a wager
It's not what you think.
Um, don't blame him.
It was my idea.
I believed your interest
development was sincere,
in my social
not motivated by
personal gain.
It was sincere.
not the only one
Clearly, I am
who requires social lessons.
Thank you for a
lovely evening.
Hey...
go back to my quarters?
Why don't we
I've studied human
mating rituals.
Remove your hand
or I will remove your arm.
what she said to me?!
Did you hear
I am the guest of honor!
it's been a long day.
Ambassador,
Maybe you should
get some rest.
No! I'm not leaving!
I want another drink!
I thought synthehol
wasn't supposed
to have this effect
on people.
that break down synthehol
Most people. The enzymes
in his bloodstream.
aren't present
Can you counteract
the effects?
I can synthesize the enzymes,
but that'll take days.
Days? The Captain will
be back in the morning.
Maybe he needs a cold shower.
If his superiors
find him like this,
he'll be banished
from the colony
and our trade agreement
will go right out the airlock.
Oh, Seven of mine.
It may be possible to encode
some of my nanoprobes
to assimilate
the synthehol molecules.
Assimilate me.
There may be some
adverse effects.
But it's worth a try.
Please...
The Kadi have
rules against
medical procedures
that haven't been sanctified.
I'd say he's already
violated a few rules.
What's one more?
Either we treat him or
he remains intoxicated.
You're his caretaker.
Decide.
Nanoprobes.
I owe you an apology.
Nanoprobe extraction is an
insignificant procedure.
My systems will adapt.
No...
I'm referring to the...
wager I made with Ensign Paris.
I can see how you
might have felt manipulated,
but I assure you
that was never my intention.
I accept your apology.
I want to make this
perfectly clear,
so there's no room
for misunderstanding.
I asked you to go with me
to the reception
because I enjoy your company.
In fact,
over the last few days,
I feel as though we've...
grown closer.
Closer?
We've become
more than colleagues.
We're...
friends.
Friends? Agreed.
I should begin.
Of course.
I'll take over from here.
Mr. Paris...
hypothetically...
feelings for another person,
if one develops romantic
go about expressing them?
how does one usually
It's for one of Seven's
social lessons.
Ah... well, I recommend
the direct approach.
Tell the person how you feel.
What if the feelings
aren't mutual?
Well, that's the risk
you always take.
Oh... thank you.
Why don't you tell her?
Come on, Doc.
It's obvious the Ambassador
is not the only one
in this room who's intoxicated.
Impossible.
She's my student.
A hologram and a Borg?
Stranger things have happened.
Just look at me
and B'Elanna.
Uh, could... could we
walk a little slower?
They're due back
any minute.
But my throat feels like an
ancient parchment.
back to Sandrine's
Can't we go
for a refreshing glass of...
Oh, no, no, no, no.
No. No, no, no, no.
Those doors... they're so loud.
You've got a hangover.
Neelix, I don't remember
much of last night,
but... I imagine I might
have said some things...
You spoke eloquently... charmed
the entire crew...
your reception was a
success. Understand?
Yes.
Neelix, you've been
most patient.
Well, that's my job.
And it isn't over yet.
JANEWAY: Good to be home.
Welcome back!
How's it going?
functioning normally.
All systems
Ensign Kim detected
a minor fluctuation
but he took care of it.
in the sensor array,
to Ambassador Tomin.
I was referring
Did he enjoy his visit?
Oh, well...
well, I would say
that he, uh...
he enjoyed himself
immensely.
There are many distractions
aboard this vessel.
in any of their more...
You didn't indulge
colorful traditions?
Of course not!
We followed the itinerary
that you approved
to the last detail.
Your Holiness?
Oh... shame.
to explore new experiences...
It isn't a violation
as long as you don't make
a habit of it.
I see your point.
our negotiations, Captain?
Shall we conclude
By all means.
I'll show you to
the briefing room.
Good work... Ambassador.
Do you like them?
DOCTOR:
Species Rosa rubifolia.
State your intention.
congratulate you
I wanted to
your social development.
on the latest phase of
Why don't you
read the card?
"You are my sunshine."
These past few days
have been...
unforgettable.
You've brought light
into my life, Seven.
You have developed
romantic feelings for me.
It's as if you've become
a part of my program.
When we're apart, I feel like
I'm missing a subroutine.
I don't expect you
to reciprocate...
to know how I feel.
but I wanted you
( door chimes )
Computer, end program.
Enter.
Seven...
speak with you.
I wish to
What a coincidence.
I... was hoping to speak
with you as well.
Regarding?
You first.
It's a medical tricorder.
What's this?
resolution by 33 percent.
I enhanced its scanning
You once stated you desired
a more efficient instrument.
I suppose I did.
It is a gift.
"Thanks for the Memories."
Lesson 22.
Is it insufficient?
No... no.
It's very thoughtful.
I chose to convey my gratitude
at this time
because I no longer require
your assistance.
It's obvious
there are
no potential mates for me
aboard this vessel.
However, if I encounter
a compatible individual
in the future, I will again
seek your guidance.
Guidance.
Of course.
You said you had something
to tell me.
I just wanted to say...
the past few days...
have been unforgettable.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
holo-program Paris 3.
Computer, activate
( slow piano introduction )
♪ Won't you tell her please
To put on some speed ♪
♪ Follow my lead ♪
♪ Oh, how I need ♪
♪ Someone to watch over me ♪